What about me? I'm a cat.
I'm not Muzhizhi
I'm not afraid of you, aren't you going to be quiet as ever?
I won't let you go.
Let go of me! I'm going!
ACHOO
Mr. Chen Mr. Chen
Didn't you bite me well just now?
It wasn't me just now
It's my cat.
Muzhi Zhi
I didn't even know you could classify personalities
Acting so well
Now it's Muzhizhi
Are you going to play the cat again in a while?
Gerushi's
Well, I know you don't like me in your heart
It doesn't matter, as long as you know me.
You let me go
I thought you would believe me.
It's not that I don't believe it.
It's just that you just told me
There is a cat living in your body
It's incredible.
After I got hit by you last time
The Soul of My Cat
It was knocked into my body
Since then, he has had two souls in one body
Why can't you always believe what I say?
Okay, okay.
I believe you can't
It's true. It's true.
Go and put on your makeup
I'll wait for you. Hello.